Jswope00/migrate learner docs (#828)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/learners/OpenSFD_certificates.rst

.. _Certificates:

######################################
Getting a Course Certificate or Badge
######################################

.. The edX Learner's Guide also includes a Certificates topic, but it has no
.. shared content with this topic and there is no "Certificates" file in the

> .. Shared folder.

Reviewer: This note could be deleted?

Your course might be set up to issue certificates as evidence that you
successfully completed the course. Different types of certificates might be
available for courses you take. For information about the certificates that
your course offers, contact the course team or institution that created your
course.

In addition, you might be able to earn badges for achievements such as
completing a course or a series of courses, or for participating in course
activities. The badges that you can earn depend on how badges have been set up
for the course platform that you are taking a course on.

.. contents::
  :depth: 1
  :local:

***********************
Accessing a Certificate
***********************

Some courses issue certificates, which you can access from your dashboard.

The following examples show the **View Certificate** option on a learner

> dashboard on the edx.org website and on the mobile app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dashboard on your course site's website and on the mobile app.
```

  to clear these print options.

* Set the margins to the minimum space available. Depending on your system, you
  might need to select the **Minimum** option for the margins.

.. _View Earned Badges:

***************************************
Viewing Earned Badges in Your Profile
***************************************

If badges are available for your courses, you can see the badges you have
earned in the **Accomplishments** section of your profile.

.. image:: /_images/learners/ProfileAccomplishmentsTab.png
   :width: 400
   :alt: A user profile showing the Accomplishments tab

.. _Sharing Badges:

************************************************
Sharing Badges on Mozilla Backpack
************************************************

You can share any badge that you earned, including certificate badges, to a
badging site such as Mozilla Backpack.

===============================
Share Badges From Your Profile
===============================

To share badges from your profile to the Mozilla Backpack site, follow these
steps.

.. note:: You have to create an account on Mozilla Backpack before you can share
   your badges.

#. On your profile, select **Accomplishments**.

> #. For the badge that you want to share, select **Share**, or on the edX mobile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. For the badge that you want to share, select **Share**, or on your instance's mobile
```

   apps, select the **Share** icon.

>    The following examples show the **Share** options for badges on the edx.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The following examples show the **Share** options for badges on your instance's
```
